feat: Add Operator compatible image (#353)
aws-observability/aws-otel-java-instrumentation: tools/cp-utility/README.md

# Introduction

> This is a copy utility that is supposed to be used in a container image used by the
> OpenTelemetry Operator. This copy utility will copy the ADOT Java agent jar from
> the init container to the final destination volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This copy utility is intended to be used as a base image for OpenTelemetry Operator 
autoinstrumentation images. The copy utility will allow the ADOT Java agent jar to be 
copied from the init container to the final destination volume.
```
